Group submission:

Code:
All code to be packed into a .zip
groupCode_G[group number].zip
Deliverables
The deliverables for this part include a report of no more than 4500 words and a zip file with all the Python code and a README file. The group report must have the first page from Appendix C. The code and README should contain these contents:
(1) Code to get the statistics used to complement the descriptive analysis of the dataset.
(2) Code to train models on the training set and evaluate them on the test set. This code should also include all steps for preprocessing the original dataset, if it were necessary.
(3) A README file explaining how to run the code for each of the two parts.
The code will not be marked separately and will only be used as a complement to assess specific parts of the report.


PDF group report:
groupReport_G[group number].pdf
describing solutions, design choices, evaluation and a reflection on the main challenges faced during development and insights gained throughout the process
Make sure the report clearly mentions your group number, the project title, the name of supervisor and a list of student ID numbers of all members of the group on the title page of your report.
INCLUDE APPENDIX C AS THE FRONT PAGE OF THE REPORT.





Individual submission:


PeerAssessment: Appendix D.
peerAssessment_[student number].pdf

In the proforma, you must discuss your and each member’s contribution to the group project and to the overall group report. You must show that you contributed to the group report and code. Discuss what tasks you have performed and provide evidence of your work (you may refer to the group report for the actual work/results). Discuss how you approached these tasks and how you interacted with other members, both in sharing your results and in organising the team's activities. Consider how well your existing skills were utilised and what new skills you have learned. Then reflect on your overall performance and role in the team and suggest what went well and what changes you will be making to improve (1) your performance in particular, and (2) the performance and results of methods and analyses performed as part of the project. You may also reflect on how your perspective and approach changed over time and adapted to improve your work.

Contribution of group members
This is a team project and this assignment is assessed as a team, apart from the individual mark for the supporting evidence for each team members’ service. Each team member is expected to contribute to the project for the tasks that are agreed in the group.
You will also be asked to submit a peer assessment form. You will evaluate the contribution of each group member and your own contribution to the deliverables. Normally every member of the group will receive the same mark for the group components except in the case where a group member’s contribution and/or quality of work falls significantly below that of the majority of the group, in which case the marks will be adjusted accordingly.
Please inform the module leader if there are any problems with any group members not engaging in group tasks or missing group meetings. The teaching team will check on the engagement of the group members in the contact session and review meetings. Students should therefore inform the module leader (and the other team members, if appropriate) if circumstances arise that are likely to affect their engagement with their work and/or attendance at weekly meetings with the rest of the team.
The teaching team will provide formative feedback during contact sessions. Your team should also meet regularly outside of these.

Appendix D: Peer Assessment and Self-reflection
Notes for completing the peer assessment form
1. Each row of the form is for one member
2. In the first column, add full names of all other group members (excluding yourself) in alphabetical order by surname.
3. In the second column, evaluate contributions of each member of the group to the project (up to 150 words for each member). This evaluation should be based on evidences, such as tasks completed, interaction with other members, participation in the group activities, team working skills, etc.
4. In the third column, fairly and honestly allocate marks to each member based on your evaluation in the second column. You have a total of 20 marks to be allocated to all other members. For example, for a group with 4 other members, an allocation of the 20 marks to those 4 members could be 7, 3, 10, 0, respectively. A 0 mark indicates that member has done nothing to the group project. If contributions are felt to be fair, you can score the same marks to all other students in your group.
5. Total peer assessment (TPA) marks of a member will be obtained by aggregating marks of all peer assessment forms in the group, and a member can have a maximum peer assessment mark of 20 (even if her/his aggregated TPA mark is greater than 20).
6. The final peer assessment (FPA) marks of a member will be weighted by the total group mark from Part 1. For example, if the total group mark is 57 out of 80 marks and a member called Boris has a TPA mark of 16, then Boris’s FPA will be (57/80) x 16 = 11 (round to nearest integer). Finally Boris's overall mark for this coursework will be 57+11=68%.
7. Normally every member of the group will receive the same mark for the group components except in the case where a group member’s contribution and/or quality of work falls significantly below that of the majority of the group, in which case his/her marks will be adjusted down accordingly.
8. If you failed to submit Peer Assessment and Self-reflection Proforma or the submitted proforma was not usable (e.g., clearly unfair mark allocation), your FPA would be zero.

Coversheet:
[student number].pdf